Transliteration:
Shir Hama'alot, 
B'shuv Adonai et shivat tziyon 
hayinu k'chol'mim. 
Az Y'male s'chok peenu ulshoneinu rina. 
Az yom'ru vagoyim
higdil Adonai la'asot im eleh; higdil Adonai la'asot imanu hayinu s'meicheim. 
Shuva Adonai et shiviteinu ka'afikim banegev. 
Hazor'im b'dimah b'rinah yiktzoru. 
Haloch Yelech uvacho, 
noseh meshech hazarah, 
bo yavo v'rinah noseh alumotav.
 
 
Sometimes appended to Shir Hamaalot before Birkat Hamazon:
 
T'hilat Adonai y'dabeh pi, vivarech kol basar shem kodsho l'olam vaed. 
Va'anachnu n'varech Yah, m'atah v'ad olam Hal'luyah. 
Hodu Ladonai ki tov; ki l'olam Chasdo. 
Mi y'malel g'vurot Adonai Yashmia kol t'hilato.

Hebrew:
שִׁיר הַמַּעֲלות
 בְּשׁוּב ה' אֶת שִׁיבַת צִיּון
 הָיִינוּ כְּחלְמִים: 
אָז יִמָלֵא שחוק פִּינוּ
 וּלְשׁונֵנוּ רִנָּה
 אָז יאמְרוּ בַגּויִם 
הִגְדִּיל ה' לַעֲשות עִם אֵלֶּה: 
הִגְדִּיל ה' לַעֲשות עִמָּנוּ
 הָיִינוּ שמֵחִים: 
שׁוּבָה ה' אֶת שְׁבִיתֵנוּ
 כַּאֲפִיקִים בַּנֶּגֶב: 
הַזּרְעִים בְּדִמְעָה בְּרִנָּה יִקְצרוּ: 
הָלוךְ יֵלֵךְ וּבָכה נשא מֶשֶׁךְ
 הַזָּרַע בּא יָבא בְרִנָּה נשא אֲלֻמּתָיו:
 
יש מוסיפים לפני ברכת מזון:
 
תְּהִלַּת ה' יְדַבֶּר פִּי. וִיבָרֵךְ כָּל בָּשר שֵׁם קָדְשׁו לְעולָם וָעֶד: 
וַאֲנַחְנוּ נְבָרֵךְ יָהּ מֵעַתָּה וְעַד עולָם. הַלְלוּיָהּ: 
הודוּ לה'. כִּי טוב. כִּי לְעולָם חַסְדּו: 
מִי יְמַלֵּל גְּבוּרות ה'. יַשְׁמִיעַ כָּל תְּהִלָּתו:

Translation:
When the Lord returned the captives of Zion, we were like people in a dream. Then was our mouth filled with laughter,​ and our tongue with exultatio​n: then said they among the nations, The Lord has done great things for them. The Lord has done great things for us; so we rejoiced!​ Bring back our captives,​ O Lord, as the streams in the south. They that sow in tears shall reap in joy. Though he goes on his way weeping, bearing the store of seed, he shall come back with joy, bearing his sheaves.
 
Psalm​​​​​ 126
 
Trans​​lation based on The Standard Prayer book by Simeon Singer (1915) (public domain).
 
Somet​imes appended to Shir Hamaalot before Birkat Hamazon:
 
My mouth shall speak the praise of the LORD; and let all flesh bless His holy name for ever and ever.
Psalm​​​​​s 145:21
 
But we will bless the LORD from this time forth and for ever, Halleluja​h.
Psalm​​​​​s 115:18
 
O give thanks unto the LORD, for He is good, for His mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm​​​​​s 118:1
 
Who can express the mighty acts of the LORD, or make all His praise to be heard?
Psalm​​​​​s 106:2
 
Trans​​lation source: Jewish Publicati​on Society Bible (1917) (public domain)
