Transliteration:
L'david mizmor: Ladonai ha'aretz umloa tevel v'yosh'vei va.
 
Ki hu al yamim y'sada v'al n'harot y'chon'neha.
 
Mi ya'ale v'har adonai umi yakum bimkom kodsho.
 
N'ki chapayim uvar levav asher lo nasa lashav nafshi v'lo nishba l'mirma.
 
Yisa v'racha me'eit adonai utzdaka me'elohei yisho.
 
Ze dor dorshav m'vakshei fanecha ya'akov selah.
 
S'u sh'arim rasheichem v'hinas'u pitchei olam v'yavo melech hakavod.
 
Mi zeh melech hakavod adonai izuz v'gibor adonai gibor milchama.
 
S'u sh'arim rasheichem us'u pitchei olam v'yavo melech hakavod.
 
Mi hu zeh melech hakavod adonai tz'vaot hu melech hakavod selah.

Hebrew:
לְדָוִד מִזְמוֹר לַיהֹוָה הָאָרֶץ וּמְלוֹאָהּ תֵּבֵל וְיֹשְׁבֵי בָהּ׃
 
כִּי־הוּא עַל־יַמִּים יְסָדָהּ וְעַל־נְהָרוֹת יְכוֹנְנֶהָ׃
 
מִי־יַעֲלֶה בְהַר־יְהֹוָה וּמִי־יָקוּם בִּמְקוֹם קדְשׁוֹ׃
 
נְקִי כַפַּיִם וּבַר־לֵבָב אֲשֶׁר לֹא־נָשָׂא לַשָּׁוְא נַפְשִׁי וְלֹא נִשְׁבַּע לְמִרְמָה׃
 
יִשָּׂא בְרָכָה מֵאֵת יְהֹוָה וּצְדָקָה מֵאֱלֹהֵי יִשְׁעוֹ׃
 
זֶה דּוֹר דֹּרְשָׁו מְבַקְשֵׁי פָנֶיךָ יַעֲקֹב סֶלָה׃ 
 
שְׂאוּ שְׁעָרִים רָאשֵׁיכֶם וְהִנָּשְׂאוּ פִּתְחֵי 
עוֹלָם וְיָבוֹא מֶלֶךְ הַכָּבוֹד׃
 
מִי זֶה מֶלֶךְ הַכָּבוֹד יְהֹוָה עִזּוּז וְגִבּוֹר יְהֹוָה גִּבּוֹר מִלְחָמָה׃
 
שְׂאוּ שְׁעָרִים  רָאשֵׁיכֶם וּשְׂאוּ פִּתְחֵי עוֹלָם וְיָבֹא מֶלֶךְ הַכָּבוֹד׃
 
מִי הוּא זֶה מֶלֶךְ הַכָּבוֹד יְהֹוָה צְבָאוֹת הוּא מֶלֶךְ הַכָּבוֹד סֶלָה

Translation:
Of David, a psalm. The earth is the LORD’s and all that it holds, the world and its inhabitan​ts.
 
For He founded it upon the ocean, set it on the nether-st​reams.
 
Who may ascend the mountain of the LORD? Who may stand in His holy place?
 
He who has clean hands and a pure heart, who has not taken a false oath by My life or sworn deceitful​ly.
 
He shall carry away a blessing from the LORD, a just reward from God, his deliverer​.
 
Such is the circle of those who turn to Him, Jacob, who seek Your presence.​ Selah.
 
O gates, lift up your heads! Up high, you everlasti​​ng doors, so the King of glory may come in!
 
Who is the King of glory?—​the LORD, mighty and valiant, the LORD, valiant in battle.
 
O gates, lift up your heads! Lift them up, you everlasti​​ng doors, so the King of glory may come in!
 
Who is the King of glory? — the LORD of hosts, He is the King of glory! Selah.
 
(Tran​slation from JPS 1985)
