Transliteration:
Echad mi yodea? Echad ani yodea. Echad Eloheinu, Eloheinu, Eloheinu, Eloheinu, Shebashamayim uva'aretz
 
Shnayim mi yodea? Shnayim ani yodea. 
Shnei luchot habrit,
 
Shlosha mi yodea? Shlosha ani yodea. 
Shlosha avot,
 
Arbah mi yodea ? Arbah ani yodea. 
Arbah imahot,
 
Chamisha mi yodea? Chamisha ani yodea. Chamisha chumshei Torah,
 
Shisha mi yodea? Shisha ani yodea. 
Shisha sidrei mishnah,
 
Shivah mi yodea? Shivah ani 
yodea 
Shivah y'mei shabta
 
Shmonah mi yodea? Shmonah ani yodea Shmonah y'mei milah
 
Tishah mi yodea? 
Tishah ani yodea 
Tishah yarchei leidah
 
Asarah mi yodea? 
Asarah ani yodea 
Asarah dibrayah
 
Achad asar mi yodea? 
Achad asar ani yodea 
Achad asar kochvayah
 
Shneim asar mi yodea? Shneim asar ani yodea Shneim asar shivtayah,
 
Shlosha asar mi yodea? Shloshah asar ani yodea Shlosha asar midayah,

Hebrew:
אֶחָד מִי יוֹדֵעַ? 
אֶחָד אֲנִי יוֹדֵעַ: אֶחָד אֱלֹהֵינוּ שֶׁבַּשָּׁמַים וּבָאָרֶץ. 
 
שְׁנַיִם מִי יוֹדֵעַ? 
שְׁנַיִם אֲנִי יוֹדֵעַ: שְׁנֵי לֻחוֹת הַבְּרִית. אֶחָד אֱלֹהֵינוּ שֶׁבַּשָּׁמַים וּבָאָרֶץ. 
 
שְׁלשָׁה מִי יוֹדֵעַ? 
שְׁלשָׁה אֲנִי יוֹדֵעַ:  שְׁלשָׁה  אָבוֹת, שְׁנֵי לֻחוֹת הַבְּרִית,  אֶחָד אֱלֹהֵינוּ שֶׁבַּשָּׁמַים וּבָאָרֶץ 
 
אַרְבַּע מִי יוֹדֵעַ? 
אַרְבַּע אֲנִי יוֹדֵעַ: אַרְבַּע אִמָהוֹת,  שְׁלשָׁה  אָבוֹת, שְׁנֵי לֻחוֹת הַבְּרִית,  אֶחָד אֱלֹהֵינוּ שֶׁבַּשָּׁמַים וּבָאָרֶץ 
 
חֲמִּשָּׁה מִי יוֹדֵעַ? 
חֲמִּשָּׁה אֲנִי יוֹדֵעַ: חֲמִשָׁה חוּמְשֵׁי תוֹרָה, אַרְבַּע אִמָהוֹת,  שְׁלשָׁה  אָבוֹת, שְׁנֵי לֻחוֹת הַבְּרִית,  אֶחָד אֱלֹהֵינוּ שֶׁבַּשָּׁמַים וּבָאָרֶץ 
 
שִׁשִָּׂה מִי יוֹדֵעַ? 
שִׁשִָּׂה אֲנִי יוֹדֵעַ: שִׁשָּׁה סִדְרֵי מִשְׁנָה, חֲמִשָׁה חוּמְשֵׁי תוֹרָה, אַרְבַּע אִמָהוֹת,  שְׁלשָׁה  אָבוֹת, שְׁנֵי לֻחוֹת הַבְּרִית,  אֶחָד אֱלֹהֵינוּ שֶׁבַּשָּׁמַים וּבָאָרֶץ 
 
שִׁבְעָה מִי יוֹדֵעַ? 
שִׁבְעָה אֲנִי יוֹדֵעַ: שִׁבְעָה יְמֵי שַׁבָּתָא, שִׁשָּׁה סִדְרֵי מִשְׁנָה, חֲמִשָׁה חוּמְשֵׁי תוֹרָה, אַרְבַּע אִמָהוֹת,  שְׁלשָׁה  אָבוֹת, שְׁנֵי לֻחוֹת הַבְּרִית,  אֶחָד אֱלֹהֵינוּ שֶׁבַּשָּׁמַים וּבָאָרֶץ 
 
שְׁמוֹנָה מִי יוֹדֵעַ? 
שְׁמוֹנָה אֲנִי יוֹדֵעַ: שְׁמוֹנָה יְמֵי מִילָה, שִׁבְעָה יְמֵי שַׁבָּתָא, שִׁשָּׁה סִדְרֵי מִשְׁנָה, חֲמִשָׁה חוּמְשֵׁי תוֹרָה, אַרְבַּע אִמָהוֹת,  שְׁלשָׁה  אָבוֹת, שְׁנֵי לֻחוֹת הַבְּרִית,  אֶחָד אֱלֹהֵינוּ שֶׁבַּשָּׁמַים וּבָאָרֶץ 
 
תִּשְׁעָה מִי יוֹדֵעַ? 
תִּשְׁעָה אֲנִי יוֹדֵעַ: תִּשְׁעָה יַרְחֵי לֵדָה, שְׁמוֹנָה יְמֵי מִילָה, שִׁבְעָה יְמֵי שַׁבָּתָא, שִׁשָּׁה סִדְרֵי מִשְׁנָה, חֲמִשָׁה חוּמְשֵׁי תוֹרָה, אַרְבַּע אִמָהוֹת,  שְׁלשָׁה  אָבוֹת, שְׁנֵי לֻחוֹת הַבְּרִית,  אֶחָד אֱלֹהֵינוּ שֶׁבַּשָּׁמַים וּבָאָרֶץ 
 
עֲשֶָרָה מִי יוֹדֵעַ? 
עֲשֶָרָה אֲנִי יוֹדֵעַ:  עֲשָׂרָה דִבְּרַיָא, תִּשְׁעָה יַרְחֵי לֵדָה, שְׁמוֹנָה יְמֵי מִילָה, שִׁבְעָה יְמֵי שַׁבָּתָא, שִׁשָּׁה סִדְרֵי מִשְׁנָה, חֲמִשָׁה חוּמְשֵׁי תוֹרָה, אַרְבַּע אִמָהוֹת,  שְׁלשָׁה  אָבוֹת, שְׁנֵי לֻחוֹת הַבְּרִית,  אֶחָד אֱלֹהֵינוּ שֶׁבַּשָּׁמַים וּבָאָרֶץ 
 
אַחַד עָשָׂר מִי יוֹדֵעַ? 
אַחַד עָשָׂר אֲנִי יוֹדֵעַ:  אַחַד עַָשָׂר כּוֹכְבַיָּא, עֲשָׂרָה דִבְּרַיָא, תִּשְׁעָה יַרְחֵי לֵדָה, שְׁמוֹנָה יְמֵי מִילָה, שִׁבְעָה יְמֵי שַׁבָּתָא, שִׁשָּׁה סִדְרֵי מִשְׁנָה, חֲמִשָׁה חוּמְשֵׁי תוֹרָה, אַרְבַּע אִמָהוֹת,  שְׁלשָׁה  אָבוֹת, שְׁנֵי לֻחוֹת הַבְּרִית,  אֶחָד אֱלֹהֵינוּ שֶׁבַּשָּׁמַים וּבָאָרֶץ 
 
שְׁנֵים עָשָׂר מִי יודע? 
שנים עָשָׂר אֲנִי יוֹדֵעַ:  שְׁנֵים עֶָשָׂר שִׁבְטַיָא, אַחַד עַָשָׂר כּוֹכְבַיָּא, עֲשָׂרָה דִבְּרַיָא, תִּשְׁעָה יַרְחֵי לֵדָה, שְׁמוֹנָה יְמֵי מִילָה, שִׁבְעָה יְמֵי שַׁבָּתָא, שִׁשָּׁה סִדְרֵי מִשְׁנָה, חֲמִשָׁה חוּמְשֵׁי תוֹרָה, אַרְבַּע אִמָהוֹת,  שְׁלשָׁה  אָבוֹת, שְׁנֵי לֻחוֹת הַבְּרִית,  אֶחָד אֱלֹהֵינוּ שֶׁבַּשָּׁמַים וּבָאָרֶץ 
 
  שְׁלשָׁה עָשָׂר מִי יוֹדֵעַ? 
 שְׁלשָׁה עָשָׂר אֲנִי יוֹדֵעַ:  שְׁלשָׁה עָשָׂר מִדַּיָא. שְׁנֵים עֶָשָׂר שִׁבְטַיָא, אַחַד עַָשָׂר כּוֹכְבַיָּא, עֲשָׂרָה דִבְּרַיָא, תִּשְׁעָה יַרְחֵי לֵדָה, שְׁמוֹנָה יְמֵי מִילָה, שִׁבְעָה יְמֵי שַׁבָּתָא, שִׁשָּׁה סִדְרֵי מִשְׁנָה, חֲמִשָׁה חוּמְשֵׁי תוֹרָה, אַרְבַּע אִמָהוֹת,  שְׁלשָׁה  אָבוֹת, שְׁנֵי לֻחוֹת הַבְּרִית,  אֶחָד אֱלֹהֵינוּ שֶׁבַּשָּׁמַים וּבָאָרֶץ

Translation:
Who knows one? I know one! One is our God who is in the heavens and in the earth.
 
Who knows two? I know two! Two tablets of the covenant,​​​​​​​​​​​​ One is our God who is in the heavens and in the earth.
 
Who knows three? I know three! Three patriarch​​​​​​​​​​​s, two tablets of the covenant,​​​​​​​​​​​​ One is our God who is in the heavens and in the earth.
 
Who knows four? I know four! Four are the matriarch​​​​​​​​​​s, three are the patriarch​​​​​​​​​​​s, two are the tablets of the covenant,​​​​​​​​​​​​ and One is our God who is in the heavens and in the earth.
 
Who knows five? I know five! Five books of Torah, four matriarch​​​​​​​​​​s, three patriarch​​​​​​​​​​​s, two tablets of the covenant,​​​​​​​​​​​​ and One is our God who is in the heavens and in the earth.
 
Who knows six? I know six! Six are the orders of the Mishnah, five are the books of the Torah,  four are the matriarch​​​​​​​​​​s, three are the patriarch​​​​​​​​​​​s, two are the tablets of the covenant,​​​​​​​​​​​​ and one is our God in the heavens and the earth.
 
Who knows seven? I know seven! seven are the days of the week, six are the orders of the Mishnah, five are the books of the Torah,  four are the matriarch​​​​​​​​​​s, three are the patriarch​​​​​​​​​​​s, two are the tablets of the covenant,​​​​​​​​​​​​ and one is our God in the heavens and the earth.
 
Who knows eight? I know eight! Eight are the days until circumcis​​​​​​ion, seven are the days of the week, six are the orders of the Mishnah, five are the books of the Torah,  four are the matriarch​​​​​​​​​​s, three are the patriarch​​​​​​​​​​​s, two are the tablets of the covenant,​​​​​​​​​​​​ and one is our God in the heavens and the earth.
 
Who knows nine? I know nine! Nine are the months of pregnancy​​​​​, eight are the days until circumcis​​​​​​ion, seven are the days of the week, six are the orders of the Mishnah, five are the books of the Torah,  four are the matriarch​​​​​​​​​​s, three are the patriarch​​​​​​​​​​​s, two are the tablets of the covenant,​​​​​​​​​​​​ and one is our God in the heavens and the earth.
 
Who knows ten? I know ten! Ten are the commandme​​​​nts, nine are the months of pregnancy​​​​​, eight are the days until circumcis​​​​​​ion, seven are the days of the week, six are the orders of the Mishnah, five are the books of the Torah,  four are the matriarch​​​​​​​​​​s, three are the patriarch​​​​​​​​​​​s, two are the tablets of the covenant,​​​​​​​​​​​​ and one is our God in the heavens and the earth.
 
Who knows eleven? I know eleven! Eleven are the stars [in Joseph's dream], ten are the commandme​​​​nts, nine are the months of pregnancy​​​​​, eight are the days until circumcis​​​​​​ion, seven are the days of the week, six are the orders of the Mishnah, five are the books of the Torah,  four are the matriarch​​​​​​​​​​s, three are the patriarch​​​​​​​​​​​s, two are the tablets of the covenant,​​​​​​​​​​​​ and one is our God in the heavens and the earth.
 
Who knows twelve? I know twelve! Twelve are the tribes [of Israel], eleven are the stars in Joseph’​​s dream, ten are the commandme​​​​nts, nine are the months of pregnancy​​​​​, eight are the days until circumcis​​​​​​ion, seven are the days of the week, six are the orders of the Mishnah, five are the books of the Torah,  four are the matriarch​​​​​​​​​​s, three are the patriarch​​​​​​​​​​​s, two are the tablets of the covenant,​​​​​​​​​​​​ and one is our God in the heavens and the earth.
 
Who knows thirteen?​ I know thirteen!​ Thirteen are the attribute​s [of God's mercy], twelve are the tribes [of Israel], eleven are the stars in Joseph’​​s dream, ten are the commandme​​​​nts, nine are the months of pregnancy​​​​​, eight are the days until circumcis​​​​​​ion, seven are the days of the week, six are the orders of the Mishnah, five are the books of the Torah,  four are the matriarch​​​​​​​​​​s, three are the patriarch​​​​​​​​​​​s, two are the tablets of the covenant,​​​​​​​​​​​​ and one is our God in the heavens and the earth.
 
Trans​lation by Eve Levavi
