Transliteration:
Ashrei yoshvei veitecha od yehalelucha selah.
 
Ashrei ha'am sheh'cacha lo, ashrei ha'am sheh'adonai elohav.
 
Tehilah ledavid,
Aromimcha elohai hamelech va'avarcha shimcha leolam va'ed. 
 
Bechol yom avarcheka va'ahalela shimcha le'olam va'ed.
 
Gadol adonai umhulal meod veligdulato ein cheker.
 
Dor ledor yishabach ma'asecha ugvurotecha yagidu.
 
Hadar kevod hodecha vedivrei nifleotecha ashicha.
 
Ve'ezuz norotecha yomeiru ugdulatecha asaprena.
 
Zecher rav tuvcha yabiu ve'tzidkatecha yeraneinu.
 
Chanun verachum adonai erech apayim ugdal chased.
 
Tov adonai lakol verachamav al kol ma'asav. 
 
Yoducha adonai kol-ma'asecha, vechasidecha yevarchucha.
 
Kevod malchutecha yomeiru ugvuratecha yedabeiru.
 
Lehodiah livnei ha'adam gevurotav uchvod hadar malchuto.
 
Malchutecha malchut kol olamim, umemshaltecha bechol dor vador.
 
Someich adonai lechol hanoflim vezokeif lechol hakefufim.
 
Einei chol eilecha yeshabeiru veatah notein lahem et ochlam beito.
 
Poteiach et yadecha umasbiah lechol chai ratzon.
 
Tzadik adonai bechol derachav vechasid bechol ma'asav.
 
Karov adonai lechol korav, lechol asher yikrauhu ve'emet.
 
Retzon yereiav ya'aseh ve'et shavatam yishma veyoshiem.
 
Shomer adonai et kol ohavav ve'et kol harashaim yashmid.
 
Tehilat adonai yedaber pi vivarech kol basar sheim kodsho leolam vaed.
 
Va'anachnu nevareich ya, meatah vead olam halleluyah.

Hebrew:
אַשְׁרֵי יֹושְׁבֵי בֵיתֶךָ עוד יְֽהַלְלוּךָ סֶּֽלָה׃
 
אַשְׁרֵי הָעָם שֶׁכָּכָה לו אַֽשְׁרֵי הָעָם שֶׁיֲהוָה אֱלֹהָיו׃
 
תְּהִלָּה לְדָוִד,
אֲרֹומִמְךָ אֱלֹוהַי הַמֶּלֶךְ וַאֲבָרֲכָה שִׁמְךָ לְעֹולָם וָעֶֽד׃
 
בְּכָל־יֹום אֲבָרֲכֶךָּ וַאֲהַלְלָה שִׁמְךָ לְעֹול֥ם וָעֶֽד׃
 
 גָּדול יְהוָה וּמְהֻלָּל מְאד וְלִגְדֻלָּתֹו אֵין חֵֽקֶר׃
 
 דֹור לְדֹור יְשַׁבַּח מַעֲשֶׂיךָ וּגְבוּרֹתֶיךָ יַגִּֽידוּ׃
 
 הֲדַר כְּבוד הֹודֶךָ וְדִבְרֵי נִפְלְאֹותֶיךָ אָשִֽׂיחָה׃
 
 וֶעֱזוּז נֹורְאֹתֶ֣יךָ יֹאמֵרוּ וגדולתך אֲסַפְּרֶֽנָּה׃
 
 זֵכֶר רַב־טוּבְךָ יַבִּיעוּ וְצִדְקָתְךָ יְרַנֵּֽנוּ׃
 
 חַנּוּן וְרַחוּם יְהוָה אֶרֶךְ אַפַּיִם וּגְדָל־חָֽסֶד׃
 
 טֹוב־יְהוָה לַכֹּל וְרַחֲמָיו עַל־כָּל־מַעֲשָֽׂיו׃
 
 יֹודוּךָ יְהוָה כָּל־מַעֲשֶׂיךָ וַחֲסִידֶיךָ יְבָרֲכֽוּכָה׃
 
 כְּבֹוד מַלְכוּתְךָ יֹאמרוּ וּגְבוּרָתְךָ יְדַבֵּֽרוּ׃
 
 לְהֹודִיעַ ׀ לִבְנֵי הָאָדָם גְּבוּרֹתָיו וּכְבֹוד הֲדַר מַלְכוּתֹֽו׃
 
 מַֽלְכוּתְךָ מַלְכוּת כָּל־עֹֽלָמִים וּמֶֽמְשֶׁלְתְּךָ בְּכָל־דֹּור וָדֹֽור׃
 
 סֹומֵךְ יְהוָה לְכָל־הַנֹּפְלִים וְזֹוקֵף לְכָל־הַכְּפוּפִֽים׃
 
 עֵֽינֵי־כל אֵלֶיךָ יְשַׂבֵּרוּ וְאַתָּה נֹֽותֵן־לָהֶם אֶת־אָכְלָם בְּעִתֹּֽו׃
 
 פֹּותֵחַ אֶת־יָדֶךָ וּמַשְׂבִּיעַ לְכָל־חַי רָצֹֽון׃
 
 צַדִּיק יְהוָה בְּכָל־דְּרָכָיו וְחָסִיד בְּכָל־מַעֲשָֽׂיו׃
 
 קָרֹוב יְהוָה לְכָל־קֹרְאָיו לְכֹל אֲשֶׁר יִקְרָאֻהוּ בֶאֱמֶֽת׃
 
רְצֹון־יְרֵאָיו יַעֲשֶׂה וְֽאֶת־שַׁוְעָתָם יִשְׁמַע וְיֹושִׁיעֵֽם׃
 
שֹׁומֵר יְהוָה אֶת־כָּל־אֹהֲבָיו וְאֵת כָּל־הָרְשָׁעִים יַשְׁמִֽיד׃
 
תְּהִלַּת יְהוָה יְֽדַבֶּר־פִי וִיבָרֵךְ כָּל־בָּשָׂר שֵׁם קָדְשֹׁו לְעֹולָם וָעֶד׃
 
וַאֲנַחְנוּ נְבָרֵךְ יָהּ מֵֽעַתָּה וְעַד־עֹולָם הַֽלְלוּ־יָֽהּ׃

Translation:
Psalm 84:5
 
Happy​​ are they that dwell in Thy house, they are ever praising Thee. Selah.
 
Psalm​​ 144:15
 
Happy​​ is the people that is in such a case. Yea, happy is the people whose God is the LORD.
 
Psalm​​ 145:
 
1 A Psalm of praise; of David. I will extol Thee, my God, O King; and I will bless Thy name for ever and ever.
2 Every day will I bless Thee; and I will praise Thy name for ever and ever.
3 Great is the LORD, and highly to be praised; and His greatness​​ is unsearcha​ble.
4 One generatio​​n shall laud Thy works to another, and shall declare Thy mighty acts.
5 The glorious splendour​ of Thy majesty, and Thy wondrous works, will I rehearse.​
6 And men shall speak of the might of Thy tremendou​s acts; and I will tell of Thy greatness​​.
7 They shall utter the fame of Thy great goodness,​ and shall sing of Thy righteous​​ness.
8 The LORD is gracious,​ and full of compassio​n; slow to anger, and of great mercy.
9 The LORD is good to all; and His tender mercies are over all His works.
10 All Thy works shall praise Thee, O LORD; and Thy saints shall bless Thee.
11 They shall speak of the glory of Thy kingdom, and talk of Thy might;
12 To make known to the sons of men His mighty acts, and the glory of the majesty of His kingdom.
13 Thy kingdom is a kingdom for all ages, and Thy dominion endureth throughou​t all generatio​​ns.
14 The LORD upholdeth​ all that fall, and raiseth up all those that are bowed down.
15 The eyes of all wait for Thee, and Thou givest them their food in due season.
16 Thou openest Thy hand, and satisfies​t every living thing with favour.
17 The LORD is righteous​​ in all His ways, and gracious in all His works.
18 The LORD is nigh unto all them that call upon Him, to all that call upon Him in truth.
19 He will fulfil the desire of them that fear Him; He also will hear their cry, and will save them.
20 The LORD preservet​h all them that love Him; but all the wicked will He destroy.
21 My mouth shall speak the praise of the LORD; and let all flesh bless His holy name for ever and ever. 
 
Trans​lation from Jewish Publicati​on Society (1917); in the public domain.
