Transliteration:
Aðo̞n ʕo̞lɒm ashɛr mɒlakh, bǝʈɛrɛm ko̞l yǝṣir niβrɒ.
 
Lǝʕet naʕasɒh βǝħɛphṣo̞ ko̞l, azai mɛlɛkh shǝmo̞ niqrɒ.
 
Ʋǝ’aħarei kikhlo̞t hako̞l, lǝβado̞ yimlo̞kh no̞rɒ.
 
Ʋǝhu hɒyɒh, ʋǝhu ho̞ʋɛh, ʋǝhu yihyɛh, bǝtiphɒrɒh.
 
Ʋǝhu ɛħad ʋǝ’ein sheni,lǝhamishilo̞ ulhaħbirɒh.
 
Bǝli reshith bǝli takhlit, vǝlo̞ hɒʕo̞z ʋǝhamisrɒ. 
 
Bǝli ʕerɛkh Bǝli Ðimyo̞n Bǝli Shinuy uthmo̞rɒh.
 
Bǝli Ħibo̞r Bǝli Pirud gǝðo̞l koaħ uɣβurɒh.
 
Ʋǝhu eli ʋǝħai go̞ali ʋǝṣur ħɛβli bǝyo̞m ṣɒrɒh.
 
Ʋǝhu nisi umɒno̞si, mǝnɒt ko̞si bǝyo̞m ɛqrɒh. 
 
Ʋǝhu ro̞pheh ʋǝhu marpeh ʋǝhu ṣo̞phɛh ʋǝhu ʕɛzrɒh.
 
Bǝyɒðo̞ aphqið ruħi, Bǝʕet ishɒn ʋǝ'ɒʕirɒh.
 
Ʋǝʕim ruħi ɣǝʋiiɒti, Aðo̞nɒi li ʋǝlo̞ irɒ.
 
Bǝmiqdɒsho̞ tɒɣel naphshi mǝshiħenu yishlaħ mǝherɒh
 
Ʋǝ’ɒz Nɒshir bǝβeit qo̞ðshi ɒmen ɒmen Shem hano̞rɒh.

Hebrew:
אַדוֹן עוֹלָם אֲשֶׁר מָלַךְ, בְּטֶרֶם כָּל יְצִיר נִבְרָא:
 
לְעֵת נַעֲשָׂה בְחֶפְצו כּל. אֲזַי מֶלֶךְ שְׁמו נִקְרָא:
 
 
וְאַחֲרֵי כִּכְלות הַכּל, לְבַדּו יִמְלוךְ נורָא:
 
וְהוּא הָיָה וְהוּא הוֶה וְהוּא יִהְיֶה בְּתִפְאָרָה:
 
 
וְהוּא אֶחָד וְאֵין שֵׁנִי. לְהַמְשִׁילו וּלְהַחְבִּירָה:
 
בְּלִי רֵאשִׁית בְּלִי תַכְלִית; וְלו הָעז וְהַמִּשְׂרָה:
 
בְּלִי עֵרֶךְ בְּלִי דִמְיון; בְּלִי שִׁנּוּי וּתְמוּרָה:
 
בְּלִי חִבּוּר בְּלִי פִּרוּד; גְּדול כּחַ וּגְבוּרָה:
 
וְהוּא אֵלִי וְחַי גּואֲלִי, וְצוּר חֶבְלִי בְּיום צָרָה:
 
וְהוּא נִסִּי וּמָנוּסִי; מְנָת כּוסִי בְּיום אֶקְרָא:
 
וְהוּא רופֵא וְהוּא מַרְפֵּא, וְהוּא צופֶה וְהוּא עֶזְרָה:
 
בְּיָדו אַפְקִיד רוּחִי בְּעֵת אִישָׁן וְאָעִירָה:
 
וְעִם רוּחִי גְוִיָּתִי. אֲדנָי לִי וְלא אִירָא:
 
 
בְּמִקְדָּשׁו תָגֵל נַפְשִׁי. מְשִׁיחֵנוּ יִשְׁלַח מְהֵרָה:
 
וְאָז נָשִׁיר בְּבֵית קָדְשִׁי, אָמֵן אָמֵן שֵׁם הַנּורָא:

Translation:
Lord of the universe who reigned before anything was yet was created:
 
At the time when all things were made by His desire, then was His Name proclaime​​d King.
 
And after all things shall have had an end, He alone, the dreaded One, shall reign;
He was, He is, and He will be in glory.
 
And He is One, and there is no second to compare to Him, to consort with Him:
 
Witho​​​​ut beginning​​, without end: to Him belong strength and dominion.​​
 
Witho​​​ut valuation​, without resemblan​ce, without change or substitut​ion.
 
Witho​​​ut addition,​ without separatio​n, with great strength and valor. 
 
And He is my God—my Redeemer liveth and—a rock in my travail in time of distress;​​
 
And He is my banner and my refuge, the portion of my cup on the day when I call.
 
And He is a doctor a healer, and a watcher and a helper. 
 
Into His hand I commend my spirit, when I sleep and when I wake;
 
And with my spirit, my body also: the Lord is with me, and I will not fear.
 
My soul will be revealed in his temple. Our Messiah he will send quickly. 
 
Now Let us sing, in my holy house, Amen Amen, the Awesome Name. 
 
Trans​lation from the Authorize​​d Daily Prayer Book by Simeon Singer, published​​ in 1890 (now in public domain), with user-cont​ributed added verses for the Mizrahi version.
