Transliteration:
Mizmor shir leyom hashabbat. 
Tov lehodot Ladonai, ulzamer leshimcha elyon. 
Lehagid baboker chasdecha ve-emunatcha, baleylot. Alei asor va-alei-navel; alei heegayon bekinor. 
Ki simachtani adonai befoalecha; bema'asei yadecha aranen.
Ma-gadlu ma'asecha Adonai, meod, amku machshevotecha. Ish ba'ar lo yeda, uchsil lo yavin et zot. 
Bifroach reshaim, kemo esev, vayatzitzu, ko-poalei aven.  Lehishamdam adei-ad. 
Veatah marom -- leolam Adonai. 
Ki hineh oyvecha, adonai -- ki hineh oyvecha yo veidu.
Yitpardu ko poalei aven. 
Vaterem kirem karni; baloti, beshemen ra'anan. 
Vatabet eini beshurai.
Bakamim alay me'ra'eem -- tishma'eina oznai.
Tzdik katamar yifrach; ke-erez balvanon yisgeh. Shetulim beveit adonai; bechatzrot eloheinu yafrichu. 
Od yenuvun beseiva; desheinim ve'ra'ananim yihiyu.
Lehagid, ki-yashar Adonai; 
tzuri, ve-lo avalatah bo.

Hebrew:
מִזְמוֹר שִׁיר
לְיוֹם הַשַּׁבָּת.
טוֹב לְהֹדוֹת לַיהוָה
וּלְזַמֵּר לְשִׁמְךָ עֶלְיוֹן.
לְהַגִּיד בַּבֹּקֶר
חַסְדֶּךָ וֶאֱמוּנָתְךָ
 בַּלֵּילוֹת. עֲלֵי-עָשׂוֹר וַעֲלֵי-
נָבֶל עֲלֵי הִגָּיוֹן בְּכִנּוֹר.
כִּי שִׂמַּחְתַּנִי יְהוָה בְּפָעֳלֶךָ בְּמַעֲשֵׂי יָדֶיךָ אֲרַנֵּן.
מַה-גָּדְלוּ מַעֲשֶׂיךָ יְהוָה מְאֹד עָמְקוּ מַחְשְׁבֹתֶיךָ.
אִישׁ-בַּעַר לֹא יֵדָע וּכְסִיל לֹא-יָבִין אֶת-זֹאת.
בִּפְרֹחַ רְשָׁעִים כְּמוֹ עֵשֶׂב וַיָּצִיצוּ כָּל-פֹּעֲלֵי אָוֶן. לְהִשָּׁמְדָם עֲדֵי-עַד.
וְאַתָּה מָרוֹם לְעֹלָם יְהוָה.
כִּי הִנֵּה אֹיְבֶיךָ יְהוָה כִּי-הִנֵּה אֹיְבֶיךָ יֹאבֵדוּ.
יִתְפָּרְדוּ כָּל-פֹּעֲלֵי אָוֶן.
וַתָּרֶם כִּרְאֵים קַרְנִי בַּלֹּתִי בְּשֶׁמֶן רַעֲנָן.
וַתַּבֵּט עֵינִי בְּשׁוּרָי.
בַּקָּמִים עָלַי מְרֵעִים תִּשְׁמַעְנָה אָזְנָי.
צַדִּיק כַּתָּמָר יִפְרָח כְּאֶרֶז בַּלְּבָנוֹן יִשְׂגֶּה.
שְׁתוּלִים בְּבֵית יְהוָה בְּחַצְרוֹת אֱלֹהֵינוּ יַפְרִיחוּ.
עוֹד יְנוּבוּן בְּשֵׂיבָה דְּשֵׁנִים וְרַעֲנַנִּים יִהְיוּ.
לְהַגִּיד כִּי-יָשָׁר יְהוָה צוּרִי וְלֹא-עַוְלָתָה בּוֹ.

Translation:
1 A Psalm, a Song. For the sabbath day.
2 It is a good thing to give thanks unto the LORD, and to sing praises unto Thy name, O Most High;
3 To declare Thy lovingkin​dness in the morning, and Thy faithfuln​ess in the night seasons,
4 With an instrumen​t of ten strings, and with the psaltery;​ with a solemn sound upon the harp.
5 For Thou, LORD, hast made me glad through Thy work; I will exult in the works of Thy hands.
6 How great are Thy works, O LORD! Thy thoughts are very deep.
7 A brutish man knoweth not, neither doth a fool understan​d this.
8 When the wicked spring up as the grass, and when all the workers of iniquity do flourish;​ it is that they may be destroyed​ for ever.
9 But Thou, O LORD, art on high for evermore.​
10 For, lo, Thine enemies, O LORD, for, lo, Thine enemies shall perish: 
all the workers of iniquity shall be scattered​.
11 But my horn hast Thou exalted like the horn of the wild-ox; I am anointed with rich oil.
12 Mine eye also hath gazed on them that lie in wait for me, 
mine ears have heard my desire of the evil-doer​s that rise up against me.
13 The righteous​ shall flourish like the palm-tree​; he shall grow like a cedar in Lebanon.
14 Planted in the house of the LORD, they shall flourish in the courts of our God.
15 They shall still bring forth fruit in old age; they shall be full of sap and richness;​
16 To declare that the LORD is upright, my Rock, in whom there is no unrighteo​us​ness.
 
Trans​lation source: Jewish Publicati​on Society Bible (1917) (public domain)
