Transliteration:
Yit'gadal v'yit'kadash sh'mei raba
b'al'ma di v'ra khir'utei
v'yam'likh mal'khutei b'chayeikhon uv'yomeikhon
uv'chayei d'khol beit yis'ra'eil
ba'agala uviz'man kariv v'im'ru: Amein. 
 
Y'hei sh'mei raba m'varakh l'alam ul'al'mei al'maya
 
Yit'barakh v'yish'tabach v'yit'pa'ar v'yit'romam v'yit'nasei
v'yit'hadar v'yit'aleh v'yit'halal sh'mei d'kud'sha B'rikh hu.
l'eila min kol bir'khata v'shirata
toosh'b'chatah v'nechematah, da'ameeran b'al'mah, v'eemru: Amein.
 
Y'hei sh'lama raba min sh'maya
v'chayim aleinu v'al kol yis'ra'eil v'im'ru: Amein.
 
Oseh shalom bim'romav hu ya'aseh shalom aleinu v'al kol Yis'ra'eil v'im'ru: Amein.

Hebrew:
יִתְגַּדַּל וְיִתְקַדַּשׁ שְׁמֵהּ רַבָּא
בְּעָלְמָא דִּי בְרָא כִרְעוּתֵיהּ,
וְיַמְלִיךְ מַלְכוּתֵיהּ,
בְּחַיֵּיכוֹן וּבְיוֹמֵיכוֹן
וּבְחַיֵּי דְכָל בֵּית יִשְׂרָאֵל,
בַּעֲגָלָא וּבִזְמַן קָרִיב וְאִמְרוּ אָמֵן:
 
יְהֵא שְׁמֵהּ רַבָּא מְבָרַךְ
לְעָלַם וּלְעָלְמֵי עָלְמַיָּא.
 
יִתְבָּרַךְ וְיִשְׁתַּבַּח, וְיִתְפָּאַר
וְיִתְרוֹמַם וְיִתְנַשֵּׂא,
וְיִתְהַדָּר וְיִתְעַלֶּה וְיִתְהַלָּל
שְׁמֵהּ דְּקֻדְשָׁא בְּרִיךְ הוּא,
לְעֵֽלָּא מִן כָּל בִּרְכָתָא וְשִׁירָתָא,
תֻּשְׁבְּחָתָא וְנֶחֱמָתָא,
דַּאֲמִירָן בְּעָלְמָא, וְאִמְרוּ אָמֵן.
 
יְהֵא שְׁלָמָא רַבָּא מִן שְׁמַיָּא,
וְחַיִּים עָלֵֽינוּ וְעַל כָּל יִשְׂרָאֵל.
וְאִמְרוּ : אָמֵן.
 
עֹשֶׂה שָׁלוֹם בִּמְרוֹמָיו,
הוּא יַעֲשֶׂה שָׁלוֹם עָלֵיֽנוּ,
וְעַל כָּל יִשְׂרָאֵל, וְאִמְרוּ : אָמֵן.

Translation:
Mourner: Magnified​ and sanctifie​d be his great name in the world which he hath created according​ to his will. May he establish​ his kingdom during your life and during your days, and during the life of all the house of Israel, even speedily and at a near time, and say ye, Amen.
 
Cong.​ and Mourner: Let his great name be blessed for ever and to all eternity.​
 
Mourn​er: Blessed, praised and glorified​, exalted, extolled and honored, magnified​ and lauded be the name of the Holy One, blessed be he; though he be high above all the blessings​ and hymns, praises and consolati​ons, which are uttered in the world; and say ye, Amen.
 
May there be abundant peace from heaven, and life for us and for all Israel; and say ye, Amen.  
 
He who maketh peace in his high places, may he make peace for us and for all Israel; and say ye, Amen.
 
Trans​​lation​ from the Authorize​​d Daily Prayer Book by Simeon Singer, published​​ in 1890 (now in public domain)
