Transliteration:
Congregation: 
Baruch she’amar v’hayah ha’olam
Baruch hu.  
Baruch omer v’oseh
Baruch gozer umka-yeim
Baruch oseh b’reishit
baruch m’racheim al ha-aretz
baruch m’racheim al ha-b’riot
baruch m’shaleim sachar tov lirei-av,  
Baruch chai la’ad v’ka-yam la-netzach,
baruch podeh umatzil, 
baruch sh’mo.  
Baruch atah Adonai Eloheinu
Melech ha-Olam,
ha-eil Av rachaman ham’chulal b’peh
amo, m’shubach umfo-ar
bil’shon chasidav va’avadav
uvshirei David avdecha.
n’halel’cha Adonai Eloheinu, 
bishvachot uvizmirot. 
ungadel’cha unshabei-chacha
unfa-er’cha v’namlich’cha
v’nazkir shimcha Malcheinu Eloheinu
 
Leader: 
Yachid chei ha-olamim Melech m’shubach
um’fo-ar adi ad sh’mo ha-gadol. 
Baruch atah Adonai Melech 
m’hulal batish’ bachot. 
 
Cong: Amen.

Hebrew:
בָּרוּךְ שֶׁאָמַר 
וְהָיָה הָעוֹלָם, בָּרוּךְ הוּא. 
בָּרוּךְ אוֹמֵר וְעֹשֶׂה 
בָּרוּךְ גּוֹזֵר וּמְקַיֵּם
בָּרוּךְ עוֹשֶׂה בְרֵאשִׁית
בָּרוּךְ מְרַחֵם עַל הָאָֽרֶץ
בָּרוּךְ מְרַחֵם עַל הַבְּרִיּוֹת
בָּרוּךְ מְשַׁלֵּם שָׂכָר טוֹב לִירֵאָיו
בָּרוּךְ חַי לָעַד וְקַיָּם לָנֶֽצַח
בָּרוּךְ פּוֹדֶה וּמַצִּיל
בָּרוּךְ שְׁמוֹ. 
 
בָּרוּךְ אַתָּה יהוה אֱלֹהֵֽינוּ מֶֽלֶךְ הָעוֹלָם
הָאֵל הָאָב הָרַחֲמָן הַמְּהֻלָּל בְּפֶה עַמּוֹ
מְשֻׁבָּח וּמְפֹאָר בִּלְשׁוֹן חֲסִידָיו וַעֲבָדָיו וּבְשִׁירֵי דָוִד עַבְדֶּֽךָ
נְהַלֶּלְךָ יהוה אֱלֹהֵֽינוּ. 
בִּשְׁבָחוֹת וּבִזְמִירוֹת
וּנְגַדֶּלְךָ וּנְשַׁבֵּחֲךָ וּנְפָאֶרְךָ וְנַמְלִיכְךָ 
וְנַזְכִּיר שִׁמְךָ, מַלְכֵּֽנוּ אֱלֹהֵֽינוּ.
 
ש"ץ:
יָחִיד חֵי הָעוֹלָמִים 
מֶֽלֶךְ, מְשֻׁבָּח וּמְפֹאָר עֲדֵי עַד שְׁמוֹ הַגָּדוֹל 
בָּרוּךְ אַתָּה יהוה, מֶֽלֶךְ מְהֻלָּל בַּתִּשְׁבָּחוֹת.
 
אמן.

Translation:
Blessed be He who spoke, and the world existed: blessed be He:
Bless​​​​​​​​​ed be He who was the maker of the world in the beginning​: 
Bless​​​​​​​​​ed be He who speaks and does: 
Bless​​​​​​​​​ed be He who decrees and performs:​ 
Bless​​​​​​​​​ed be He who has mercy upon the earth: 
Bless​​​​​​​​​ed be He who has mercy upon his creatures​: 
Bless​​​​​​​​​ed be He who pays a good reward to those that respect Him: Blessed be He who lives for ever, and endures to eternity:​ 
Bless​​​​​​​​​ed be He who redeems and delivers:​ blessed be His name.—
 
Bless​​​​​​​​​ed are you, Oh Lord our G-d, King of the universe,​ praised by the mouth of your people, lauded and glorified​​ by the tongue of your loved ones and your servants.​ 
We also will praise you, O Lord our G-d, with the songs of David your servant; with praises and psalms we will magnify, laud and glorify you, and we will make mention of your name, and proclaim you our King, Oh our G-d.
 
Leade​r:
You the only one, the life of all worlds. O King, praised and glorified​​ be your great name for ever and ever. 
 
Bless​​​​​​​​​ed art you, Oh Lord, a King extolled with praises.
 
Congr​egation: Amen
 
Based​ on the translati​on from the Authorize​​d Daily Prayer Book by Simeon Singer, published​​ in 1890 (now in public domain)
