Transliteration:
Atkinu s'udata dim'heim'nuta shleimata ched'vata d'malkah  kadisha. Atkinu s'udata d'malka. Da hi s'udata diz'eir anpin, v'atika kadisha vachakal tapuchin kadishin at'yan l'sa'ada bahadei.
 
B'nei heichala, dichsifin, l'mechazei ziv diz'eir anpin, y'hon hacha, b'hai taka, d'vei malka b'gilufin.
Tz'vu lachada, b'hai va'ada, b'go irin v'chol gad'fin. Chadu hashta, b'hai shata, d'vei ra'ava v'leit za'afin.
K'rivu li, chazu cheili, d'leit dinin ditkifin, l'var natlin, v'la alin, hanei chalbin d'chatzifin.
V'ha azmin atik yomin, l'minchah adei y'hon chalfin. R'u dilei, d'galei leih, l'vatala b'chol k'lifin.
Y'shavei lon, b'nokveihon, vitamrun b'go cheiphin.
Arei hashta, b'minchata, b'chedvata diz'eir anpin.

Hebrew:
אַתְקִינוּ סְעוּדָתָא דִמְהֵימְנוּתָא שְׁלֵמָתָא, חֶדְוְתָא דְמַלְכָּא קַדִישָׁא. אַתְקִיּנוּ סְעֻדָתָא דְמַלְכָּא. דָּא הִיא סְעוּדָתָא דַזְעֵיר אַנְפִּין,  וְעַתִּיקָא קַדִּישָׁא וַחֲקַל תַּפּוּחִין קַדִּישִׁין אַתְיָן לְסַעֲדָא בַּהֲדֵהּ.
 
בְּנֵי הֵיכָלָא דִכְסִיפִין לְמֶחֱזֵי זִיו דִּזְעֵיר אַנְפִּין יְהון הָכָא. בְּהַאי תַּכָּא. דְבֵּיהּ מַלְכָּא בְּגִלוּפִין. צְבוּ לַחֲדָא. בְּהַאי וַעֲדָא. בְּגו עִירִין וְכָל גַדְּפִין. חֲדוּ הַשְׁתָּא. בְּהַאי שַׁעְתָּא. דְבֵּיהּ רַעֲוָא וְלֵית זַעֲפִין קְרִיבוּ לִי. חֲזוּ חֵילִי. דְלֵית דִּינִין דִּתְקִיפִין לְבַר נַטְלִין וְלָא עָאלִין. הַנָךְ כַּלְבִּין דַחֲצִיפִין וְהָא אַזְמִין עַתִּיק יומִין. לְמִצְחָא עֲדֵי יְהון חַלְפִין רְעוּ דִילֵהּ. דְגַלֵי לֵיהּ. לְבַטָּלָא בְּכָל קַלִיפִין יְשַׁוֵּי לון. בְּנוקְבֵיהון. וִיטַּמְרוּן בְּגו כֵפִין אֲרֵי הַשְׁתָּא בְּמִנְחָתָא בְּחֶדְוָתָא דִזְעֵיר אַנְפִּין.

Translation:
Prepare the meal of complete faith, the joy of God, prepare the feast for God. This is the meal of Zeir Anpin, and the holy Atik and the field of Holy Apples come to eat with him.
You princes of the palace, who yearn to behold the splendor of Z'eir Anpin: Be present at this meal at which God leaves an imprint. Exult, rejoice in this gathering​ together with the angels and all supernal beings; Rejoice now, at this most propitiou​s time, when there is no sadness. Draw near to Me, behold My strength,​ for there are no harsh judgments​. They are cast out, they may not enter, these insolent dogs. I herewith invite the Ancient of Days at this auspiciou​s time, and they will be utterly removed. It is God’s revealed will to annul all the powers of impurity;​ God will hurl them into their abysses and they will hide in the clefts of the rocks. For this time of Minchah is a time of joy for Z'eir Anpin.
